Hi everyone.
This is a 2 minute tutorial on using
Knitr.
You need a little bit of Knitr to create
your art
project that you will hand in as part of
the assignments.
So let's, I've got RStudio open here,
hopefully
you can see it and, I want to go File,
so Alt-F and New File, and then as
you look, there's all these different
options here, probably.
I'm in RStudio, by the way.
And there's all these different options
here.
You want to go down to R Markdown.
There we go.
And it actually populates a simple Knitr
document.
So I'm going to edit the title.
I just want to say, this is a, is a test
Knitr document.
Okay, and there's a bunch of text there.
And it shows you the R command R commands
here.
So what you need is you need three little
forward, well I, I don't
know if there are right tick marks here or
right quotation marks.
You know one's slanted from the upper left
to the lower right,
so the key at least on my keyboard that's
right below escape.
And then you need a, if you put an r here
in this little area, it will
it will execute R code, and the comma
after
the R will open up a bunch of options.
So there's a ton of Knitr options, but
cache tells R whether or not to keep it.
Probably the most useful ones for me, eval
tells whether or not is should evaluate
the code.
Sometimes you might just want to show code
in your document.
These are all figure things.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
Results equals, so the, so you can have
results
as marked up, which show syntax
highlighting as is.
Hide will hide the results and I find that
most, most useful.
Probably the other one that's most useful
for me is echo.
So you have echo as true or false.
It, echo, true shows the code, and then
also shows the results of the code.
Echo false does not show the code.
[SOUND] Okay.
So any rate, so here's our, here's our
examples.
Here, here's a, gives an example of a plot
too, so plot cars, okay?
So let's save this.
Oop.
And this is I need to save it as
something.
So let's put test.Rmd, okay?
And then I go control, well, so I need to
make sure that, that Knitr is,
is loaded, but actually there's a little
button right here that you can just do.
I on this tiny computer so it's hard to
see,
but you can just actually click Knit HTML
right there.
And there it will knit it.
And there you can see how it, kind of what
it looks like.
And it, and it creates an HTML document.
So if I were for example to do dir in
R, you can see that it's created this
test.html document.
That, that's a, that's just a standard
HTML document.
You could do browse.url, browseURL,
browseURL test.html, and
it'll bring up, it'll bring up a browser
window with it in, within it.
Okay, so that's Knitr in a nutshell.